[Music]
is your personality strong or weak do
you know what you want when you want it
and how are you the alpha male or female
everywhere you go if so you might have a
strong personality and that can either
intimidate or attract people don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side of life number 9 if you're
thinking of dyeing your hair pink would
you a chick if your parents approve B
dye your hair without consulting anyone
option B is a sign of a strong
personality because you don't need
others to approve your decisions
everyone has probably done something at
some point in their lives that didn't
match with their values and was only
done to gain approval this could be
choosing the career your parents want
for you
severing a friendship because your other
friends don't like the person or
changing the way you look people feel
they need approval from friends family
or society but if you have a strong
personality you've moved past the need
to please others you do what you want to
do whether that's taking a year to
travel the world or becoming a chef when
your parents wanted you to be a lawyer
some people might see you as odd because
they don't jive with your liberated
style of living other people will be
attracted to your unconcerned attitude
number eight if your sister tells you
for the millionth time how a co-worker
annoys her so much you would a listen to
her patiently even though you've heard
this story before B become impatient
option B is a sign of a strong
personality because wasting time is your
pet peeve you have places to be and
things to do you're goal-oriented
so wasting time can be a real drag if
your sister has been telling you all
about old work troubles you'll have a
hard time hearing it again and keeping
your cool your patience can wear thin
pretty fast especially if you're dealing
with old problems that you thought were
solved
you love efficiency and when you put in
the time to solve a problem yeah hope
it's solved forever this makes you a
very efficient and organized person but
you might have a hard time dealing with
people who are more laid-back indecisive
or go with the flow number 7
when it comes to making friends you a
have a difficult time letting people in
B can make friends with anyone as no one
can top your charisma option a is a sign
of a strong personality because you
choose your friends carefully you might
not have an enormous group of close
friends maybe you can count your real
friends on one hand but you know that
every person in your group is solid
you're attracted to people with strong
values that you know you can count on so
finding those people might be a bit of a
hard task when you do make friends you
are completely loyal to them this
doesn't mean you aren't extroverted
talkative or friendly it simply means
you are all those things but only with
the right people
[Music]
number six if you are handling a group
project and you notice a team member
didn't deliver their part of the work
you would a let it slide and try not to
create conflict be call them out on it
and request their part of the assignment
option B is a sign of a strong
personality because you aren't afraid to
speak your mind this doesn't mean you
are rude because people can be
straightforward and kind at the same
time your peers might naturally look to
you to handle unpleasant situations and
do the thing that they are afraid to do
your friends can also look to you as the
one person in their lives who can be a
voice of reason and give them insight
into how they're acting maybe you are
that one friend who can tell them that
what they did was wrong and help them
through honestly keep in mind for that
exact same reason some of your friends
might decide to keep things from you
because they fear your strong opinion
number five when you are introduced to a
shy person you a feel right at home with
them B don't know how to stop the
awkwardness in the air
option B is a sign of a strong
personality because you feel awkward
around shy people maybe you always know
what to say but when it comes to shy
people it's like you're faced with a
complicated mathematical problems you
just can't understand somehow you feel
like you are too much around the shy
person and that you need to dial it down
make yourself smaller somehow be less
opinionated and take your intensity down
a notch whether you do this or not you
can probably sense how awkward the
situation can get when you are with a
shy person number four when you are with
a group of people you prefer to a have
deep philosophical conversations be keep
the conversation light and talk about
media option a is a sign of a strong
personality because you like to talk
about meaningful things a lot of people
can sit down and talk about video games
and TV shows forever there's nothing
wrong with that but it isn't your
preference you want to know what makes a
person tick when you meet someone you
want to get to know them on a deep and
personal level when you ask someone how
are you you truly want to know how they
are doing small talk can be agony and a
long conversation about trivial things
can drain you you gain energy from
talking about things most people don't
consider much addressing philosophical
questions like why you're in the world
and the purpose of things can really get
you going number three when you
experience a disappointment you are most
likely to a pick yourself up by the
bootstraps B cry about it and get
depressed
option a is a sign of a strong
personality because you don't let
failure keep you down with a strong
personality comes the understanding that
failure is a part of life and just
another step in the learning process
when people fail there's a natural
tendency to want to feel bad and give up
you might feel the desire to quit but
you don't let it define your next move
you've learned to see failure as an
opportunity and to turn negative events
into positive ones if your business went
bust it means more time for family if
you get sick and have to stay home it
means not having to go to work yes you
know there's a bright side to everything
other people might be attracted to your
ability to bounce back from hardships
and keep a positive attitude in the face
of challenges number two when it comes
to difficult moral decisions you a know
exactly what your opinion is and what
you would do B need to take some time to
figure out what is right and wrong
option a is a sign of a strong
personality because you understand your
moral values you live by your code of
morals and sense of right and wrong
that's the driving force that makes you
speak up when you see something wrong
makes you pull yourself back up after a
setback and gives you so much energy
your morals are a strong foundation that
gives you confidence you understand what
matters to you the most you probably had
a deep sense of what you wanted to do
when you grew up from an early age maybe
you knew as a teenager you wanted to be
a doctor and even though the road has
been rocky you're sure it's the right
thing to do people might be intimidated
by your deep knowledge of what is right
and wrong some people might even see you
as stubborn if they don't understand why
you need to do something those closest
to you know that you have a strong
personality because of your values
number one when it comes to spirit
animals you connect more to hey a puppy
be a wolf
option B is a sign of a strong
personality because you connect to
symbols of strength if you were deciding
on your spirit animal you might think of
an animal that's ferocious fearless and
a predator you might connect more to a
wolf because it represents strength
instead of a puppy which could be more
about cuteness and sweetness an alpha
wolf could represent your leadership
skills how you always end up being the
one that makes decisions in a group of
friends and how other people follow your
social cues they need a leader to guide
them and you see yourself as that person
so tell us bright ciders what is the
most obvious sign that you have a strong
personality let us know in the comments
section don't forget to give this video
a like share with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side